WAP to take input 2 numbers from the user and print the sum of the numbers.
WAP to take input 1 number from the user and print its square and cube.
WAP to calculate and print area of circle and circumference of circle.
WAP to take input rupees from the user and convert it into paise.
WAP to take input days from the user and convert it into years, months, and remaining days.
WAP to take input 3 digit numbers from the user and print sum of 1 and 3 digit.
WAP to take input 3 digit numbers from the user and print the square of the middle digit.
WAP to take input 4 digit numbers from the user and print its all digits.
WAP to check whether a number is even or odd.
WAP to check whether the number is positive, negative or zero.
WAP to take input two numbers from the user and print the largest of them.
WAP to take input 2 numbers from the user and print their difference.
WAP to take input 3 numbers from the user and print the largest number among them.
using nested if 
using AND operator
WAP to take input rate & quantity and calculate the amount. Finally print net amount to be paid after allowing 15% discount if amount exceeds 2000 rs.
WAP to take input 3 numbers and print the 2nd largest number among them.
WAP to take input a number (range 1 to 7) from the user and print the corresponding week.
using if else 
using switch 
WAP to input the year from the user and check whether it is a leap year or not.
WAP to take input 3 numbers from the user and print the numbers in the descending order.
WAP to take input income from the user and calculate the amount of tax to be paid as per rules.
Less or equal to 10,000 -> no tax
Greater than 10,000 and less or equal to 25,000 -> 10% of income above 10,000
Greater than 25,000 and less or equal to 50,000 -> 2500 + 20% income above 25,000
Greater than 50,000 -> 5000 + 30% of income above 50,000
WAP to perform arithmetic operations as per user's choice.
WAP to calculate the area of rectangle, circle and triangle as per user's choice.
WAP to input a character from the user and check whether it is an alphabet, digits, or special symbols.
WAP to input a character from the user and check whether it is uppercase and lowercase.
WAP to check whether a character given by the user is a vowel or consonant.
WAP to convert a character into its toggle case.
WAP to input a lower limit and an upper limit from user and print all the numbers in between the given limits.
WAP to input a lower limit and an upper limit from user and print all the even numbers in between the given limits.
WAP to input a number from user and print its factorial.
WAP to input a number from user and print its table.
WAP to print the sum of the divisors of a number given by user.
WAP to check whether a number is perfect or not.
WAP to print the reverse of a number given by user.
WAP to take input a number from the user and check whether it is palindrome.
WAP to take input a number from the user and check whether it is armstrong.
WAP to take input a number from user and print in the form of series:
1, 3, 6, 10, 15, ... nth term
1, 11, 111, 1111, ... nth term
1, 12, 123, 1234, … nth term
0, 7, 26, 63, … nth term
0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, … nth term
0, 1, 3, 7, 15, … nth term
x - x ^ 2 + x ^ 3 - x ^ 4 + x ^ 5 … nth term (do sum here also)
WAP to calculate the average of even and odd numbers given by user until user press -1.
Define a class called MovieMagic with the following description :-
Instance variables :-
int year - to store the year of release of movie.
String title - to store the title of the movie.
float rating - to store the popularity rating of the movie.
Member methods :-
MovieMagic() - default constructor to initialise data members.
void accept() - to input and store year, title and rating.
void display() - to display the title of a movie and a message based on the rating as per the table.
0.0 to 2.0 - Flop
2.1 to 3.4 - Semi-hit
3.5 to 4.5 - Hit
4.6 to 5.0 - Super Hit
Write a main() method to create an object of the class and call the above member methods.
Define a class called ParkingLot with the following description :-
Instance variables :-
int vehicleNumber - to store vehicle number.
double hours - to storee the number of hours the vehicle is parked.
double bill - to store the bill amount.
Member methods :-
ParkingLot - to initialise data members.
void input() - to input and store the vehicleNumber and hours.
void calculate() - to compute the parking charge at rate of 3 rs for the first hour or part thereof and 1.5 rs for each additional hour.
void display() - to display details.
Write a main() method to create an object of the class and call the above methods.
WAP to input a string from the user and count the number of alphabets, digits & special symbols in the string.
WAP to convert a string into PIGLATIN form.
